hey everyone its socraftastic oh and
today I'm going to be doing another
video and this video is going to be like
comically update I'm going to be showing
you as and renal colic like so yeah I
only have four charms but still they're
pretty big so let's start with this one
this is a little Hello Kitty bento box
and it's got a little Hello Kitty rice
ball some egg some carrots some broccoli
meat and a sushi roll next one we have
is this one and it's got some meat
some egg carrots peas tomatoes rice
rolls broccoli and some rice balls or
only Gary's I think that's what you come
here's another one and it has little me
carrots for me corn some keys some
tomato more sushi rolls egg broccoli and
noodles Oh
and then this is the last one it's the
biggest one as you can see compares my
hand um we have some rice these are like
little like cheese
things I don't know
some rice balls me there's some noodles
in here some more rice things up to
little sushis lettuce
and this is um more broccoli peas
another sushi roll carrots and some like
dumplings these are my bento boxes that
I knew and they're so cute they are so
fun to make and oh sorry I might make
some more i don't know but i really like
these they're so much fun and yeah so
let me know which one is your favorite
and if you want me to make some more
thanks for watching